Feature/filter outside click (#433)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | HTML tag for the filter's title. | `h5` |
| `scrollToTop` | `enum` | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet. | `none` |
| `truncateFilters` | `boolean` | Whether a filter selector with more than 10 filter options should shorten the list and display a `See more` button (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |

> | `closeOnOutsideClick` | `boolean` | Whether close the filter in the outside click (`true`) or not (`false`). This prop will only works with `openFiltersMode === 'one'`  | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `closeOnOutsideClick` | `boolean` | Whether the Filter Navigator component should be closed when users click outside of it (`true`) or not (`false`). Caution: This prop only works when the `openFiltersMode` prop is set as `one`.  | `false` |
```
